An apocalyptic, reddish view of the broken Brooklyn Bridge surrounded by water, trash and dead fish. 
The flooding and rain are extreme. New York, 2069. The once-active Brooklyn Bridge Park is now breached by floodwaters. The docks and edges of roads immersed in dirty, grey water. The Brooklyn Bridge Park, along the East River, is now devastated from climate change. The banks of the Hudson river are piled with multi-colored garbage, plastics and litter. Green and red mutant cyanobacteria and trash bags clutter the beach, between the pilings of broken wood and stones. 
In the foreground is a highly acurate rendition of the Brooklyn Bridge, damaged, a suspension cable hanging in disrepair. 
In the background of the image we see the Manhattan skyline, broken, apocalytpic and neglected with rust-colored moss. The bridge and city are old and sick, deranged and hanging damaged from decades of savage flooding. The banks of the Hudson river are piled with multi-colored garbage, plastics and litter. As well as the specks of blue, white, purple, red and silvery garbage, green cyanobacteria and trash bags clutter the beach, between the columns of broken wood and stones. A dead fish can be seen nearby. 
The sky is colored a sickly green and dark. Smeared by rain, sinister, as massive storms bend the horizon into a face of doom. The clouds are semi-transparent such that a wine-colored red pallor covers everything in a sickly smear of light. The smog reduces visibility. The air smells like burnt plastic, ozone and a cloyingly sweet, sickening honey smell. 
The image is highly realistic. Depth cameras and extremely detailed, top-quality photography is used to capture the intricacies of the bridge. The water appears to have a realistic texture and reflects the surrounding environment. The cityscape in the background is visible, with the Manhattan skyscrapers towering above the waterline. The atmosphere is grim, the air smells like acid, muted colors and a low contrast, capturing the devastation of the scene.
Depth-of-field landscape photography. Hassleblad, 25mm f/1.4 ze. iso 200, Dichroic-Filter
--v 5 --q 2 --ar 3:2 --uplight --seed 12 --no animals, people, birds, plants, lightning, blue sky, construction site
	
